you need to get ready because it's so
unbelievable it's gonna seem fake but I
promise you it's not graceful - one it
depends if you tell it right there is no
way not to tell this right it is a story
tellers wet dream
erm well this is great
remember you're not their parent you're
another therapist you were here to
create a safe environment that's it I
got it
please you better be up soon as I was
gonna be community meeting is now in
session
slow knees down a little bit y'all y'all
got no rhythm
Mase I love you like a brother but I
gotta say tit when it come to being
discreet you're a disgrace I mean you
think we all don't know about him Grace
on lo Undercovers on a date he's nice to
me well it's easy you are the weirdest
most beautiful person I've ever met
you need to tell me what the hell is
going on you have to let me in your head
once no I'm just gonna go nuts
we have a new member of our community
she's been in and out of group homes the
dangerous behavior I told her father we
take good care of it
I take good care of everyone happy
birthday
I really think we need to talk through
some of this stuff alright there's
neither work Jaden come on he's just
open the door I am on the floor every
day with those kids and last night that
girl sat next to me and she cried and
she tried to tell me the only way that
she knew how race it's not your job to
interpret tears
I've been waiting for three years for
you to just once take the advice that
you give your kids in five minutes and
learn to talk about what's going on
inside your head let's all lift our
glasses to our king and queen everything
good in my life is because of you you
know you can do this right
here we go